Fixes to README (#219)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: README.md

intermediate software engineering skills to help them design more robust software code, 
automate the process of testing and verifying its correctness and support collaborations with others.

### Lesson Status

> The lesson is currently in beta - it has been over 10 times times with 

Reviewer: ...it has been *run* over 10 times...

> The lesson is currently in beta - it has been over 10 times times with 

Author: ```suggestion
The lesson is currently in beta - it has been run over 10 times times with 
```

different cohorts by the lesson authors as well as independently by people not directly involved in the lesson development
and is in a good state to be reused and taught by others.

## Teaching the Lesson

> The lesson has 5 sections that can be delivered (approximately) over 5 half-days. The lesson is suitable either for 

Reviewer: Should we say 5 half-days, or 5 two-third days? (as I think some of the sections do take longer than a hlaf-day).

Author: Yes, I was wondering how to indicate the time needed most accurately. Perhaps we could just say 5 days?

Reviewer: I'm still not 100% certain on this. There's some unevenness in the length of time needed for each of the 5 sections take to teach. When teaching in person we found that we over ran for several of the earlier, coding, lessons. But regained time when teaching the later theoretical lessons.

Perhaps play safe, and suggest that teachers put aside 5 days for the course. But state that each section will take between half a day, and a full day, to teach.

> The lesson has 5 sections that can be delivered (approximately) over 5 half-days. The lesson is suitable either for 

Author: ```suggestion
The lesson has 5 sections; each section can be delivered or worked through in self-learning mode over a half a day to a day depending on the pace (we would recommend setting aside 1 day per section to make sure the delivery is not rushed). The lesson is suitable either for 
```

Author: How about this for an estimate in time needed @douglowe ?

Reviewer: that works for me :)
